"Climatc change" and "global warming" are often used interchangeably but have distinct meanings. Similarly, the terms
"weather" and "climate" are sometimes confused, though they refer to events with broadly different spatial- and timescales.

Weather vs. Climate.
Weather refers to atmospheric conditions that occur locally over short periods of time, from minutes to hours or days.
Familiar examples include rain, snow, clouds, winds, floods or thunderstorms.

Climate, on the other hand, refers to regional or even global average temperature over a certain period of time, humidity and rainfall
patterns over seasons, years or decades.


What Is Global Warming?
Global warming is the heating of the climate system of Earth, observed since before the industrial period
(between 1850 and 1900) due to human activities, primarily fossil fuel burning, which increases heat, trapping greenhouse
gas levels in the atmosphere. The term is frequently used interchangeably with the term climate change, though the
latter refers to both humanly and naturally produced warming and the effects it has on our planet. It is most commonly
measured as the average increase in global surface temperature of earth.

Since before the industrial period, human activities are estimated to have increased the global average temperature of the Earth by
about 1 degree Celsius (1.8 degrees Fahrenheit), a number that is currently increasing by 0.2 degrees Celsius
(0.36 degrees Fahrenheit) per decade. It is unequivocal that human influence has warmed the Earth.

What Is Climate Change?
Climate change is a long change in the average weather patterns that have come to define the local, regional
and global climates of our Earth. These changes have a broad range of observed effects that are synonymous with the term.

Changes observed in our climate since the early 20th century are primarily driven by human activities, particularly
fossil fuel burning, which increases heat-trapping greenhouse gas levels in the atmosphere, raising the average
surface temperature. These produced temperature increases are commonly referred to as global warming.
Natural processes can also contribute to climate change, including internal variability (e.g. cyclical ocean patterns
like El Niño, La Niña and the Pacific Decadal Oscillation) and external forces
(e.g. volcanic activity, changes in sun energy output, variations in the orbit of Earth).

Scientists use observations from the ground, air and space, along with theoretical models, to monitor and study past,
present and future climate change. Climate data records provide evidence of climate change key indicators,
such as global land and ocean temperature increases; rising sea levels; ice loss at Earth’s poles and in mountain glaciers;
frequency and severity changes in extreme weather such as hurricanes, heatwaves, wildfires, droughts, floods and precipitation;
and cloud and vegetation cover changes, to name but a few.

Regex: cloud
Replacement: cumulus